README.md, before:

Sure, here is a README file for the given GitHub repository:

---

# Theatre API Service

This repository contains the Theatre API Service, a backend service for managing theatre-related data. The service is built using modern web technologies and is designed to be scalable and easy to deploy.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Run with Docker](#run-with-docker)
- [Getting Access](#getting-access)
- [API Endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To get started with the Theatre API Service, you need to clone the repository and install the necessary dependencies.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/semermaks/theatre-api-service.git
cd theatre-api-service
```

## Run with Docker

Docker should be installed on your system to run the service using Docker.

1. Build the Docker image:

    ```bash
    docker-compose build
    ```

2. Start the service:

    ```bash
    docker-compose up
    ```

## Getting Access

To interact with the API, you need to create a user and obtain an access token.

1. Create a user via the following endpoint:

    ```
    POST /api/user/register/
    ```

2. Get an access token via the following endpoint:

    ```
    POST /api/user/token/
    ```

## API Endpoints

Here are some of the key API endpoints available in the Theatre API Service:

- **User Registration:**
  - `POST /api/user/register/` - Register a new user.
  
- **User Authentication:**
  - `POST /api/user/token/` - Obtain an access token.

- **Theatre Management:**
  - `GET /api/theatres/` - List all theatres.
  - `POST /api/theatres/` - Create a new theatre.
  - `GET /api/theatres/{id}/` - Retrieve a specific theatre by ID.
  - `PUT /api/theatres/{id}/` - Update a specific theatre by ID.
  - `DELETE /api/theatres/{id}/` - Delete a specific theatre by ID.

- **Show Management:**
  - `GET /api/shows/` - List all shows.
  - `POST /api/shows/` - Create a new show.
  - `GET /api/shows/{id}/` - Retrieve a specific show by ID.
  - `PUT /api/shows/{id}/` - Update a specific show by ID.
  - `DELETE /api/shows/{id}/` - Delete a specific show by ID.

- **Booking Management:**
  - `GET /api/bookings/` - List all bookings.
  - `POST /api/bookings/` - Create a new booking.
  - `GET /api/bookings/{id}/` - Retrieve a specific booking by ID.
  - `PUT /api/bookings/{id}/` - Update a specific booking by ID.
  - `DELETE /api/bookings/{id}/` - Delete a specific booking by ID.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the Theatre API Service. If you would like to contribute, please fork the repository and submit a pull request. Make sure to follow the existing code style and include tests for any new features or bug fixes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

---

Feel free to customize this README file further based on the specific details and requirements of your project.

Commit message:

Add info about .env file

README.md, after:

Sure, here is a README file for the given GitHub repository:

---
## Environment Variables (.env)

Before starting the project, you need to create a `.env` file in the root directory of the project. You can use the provided `.env.example` file as a template to set up your environment variables. Make sure to fill in the necessary values for variables such as database connection details, API keys, and any other configurations required for the project to run successfully. Having a well-configured `.env` file is crucial for the proper functioning of the Theatre API Service.

# Theatre API Service

This repository contains the Theatre API Service, a backend service for managing theatre-related data. The service is built using modern web technologies and is designed to be scalable and easy to deploy.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Run with Docker](#run-with-docker)
- [Getting Access](#getting-access)
- [API Endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To get started with the Theatre API Service, you need to clone the repository and install the necessary dependencies.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/semermaks/theatre-api-service.git
cd theatre-api-service
```

## Run with Docker

Docker should be installed on your system to run the service using Docker.

1. Build the Docker image:

    ```bash
    docker-compose build
    ```

2. Start the service:

    ```bash
    docker-compose up
    ```

## Getting Access

To interact with the API, you need to create a user and obtain an access token.

1. Create a user via the following endpoint:

    ```
    POST /api/user/register/
    ```

2. Get an access token via the following endpoint:

    ```
    POST /api/user/token/
    ```

## API Endpoints

Here are some of the key API endpoints available in the Theatre API Service:

- **User Registration:**
  - `POST /api/user/register/` - Register a new user.
  
- **User Authentication:**
  - `POST /api/user/token/` - Obtain an access token.

- **Theatre Management:**
  - `GET /api/theatres/` - List all theatres.
  - `POST /api/theatres/` - Create a new theatre.
  - `GET /api/theatres/{id}/` - Retrieve a specific theatre by ID.
  - `PUT /api/theatres/{id}/` - Update a specific theatre by ID.
  - `DELETE /api/theatres/{id}/` - Delete a specific theatre by ID.

- **Show Management:**
  - `GET /api/shows/` - List all shows.
  - `POST /api/shows/` - Create a new show.
  - `GET /api/shows/{id}/` - Retrieve a specific show by ID.
  - `PUT /api/shows/{id}/` - Update a specific show by ID.
  - `DELETE /api/shows/{id}/` - Delete a specific show by ID.

- **Booking Management:**
  - `GET /api/bookings/` - List all bookings.
  - `POST /api/bookings/` - Create a new booking.
  - `GET /api/bookings/{id}/` - Retrieve a specific booking by ID.
  - `PUT /api/bookings/{id}/` - Update a specific booking by ID.
  - `DELETE /api/bookings/{id}/` - Delete a specific booking by ID.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the Theatre API Service. If you would like to contribute, please fork the repository and submit a pull request. Make sure to follow the existing code style and include tests for any new features or bug fixes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

---

Feel free to customize this README file further based on the specific details and requirements of your project.
